[ANNOUNCER]
Ladies and gentlemen,
it's the moment you've
all been waiting for!
The World Martial Arts
Tournament is about to begin!
One hundred and four fighters
submitted their names,
and we've selected
the twelve strongest
and most dynamic to compete,
battling for riches,
and the chance to
challenge our champ!
Once again, the prize money
is being provided by
our champion, sponsor,
and heroic savior of Earth,
Mr. Satan!
[CROWD chanting]
Mister! Satan!
Hang tough out there.
Dad and I will be cheering
you on from upstairs, okay?
Yep!
Don't be nervous, Pan.
I know you can handle it! 'Kay?
'Kay!
[ANNOUNCER]
Are you ready for some action?
Let's bring out
our first competitors!
[VIDEL]
All right, that's you!
Okay, here I go!
[BOTH chuckle]
[GOKU, BUU chuckle]
♪ Opening Song ♪
[ANNOUNCER]
Our first astounding,
arena-shaking match
pairs Pan against Mo Kekko!
Pan's a prodigy,
only four years old!
And if that's not exciting
enough, here's another fact.
She is, believe it or not,
aaah, the grandkid of...
Mr. Satan!
[CROWD cheering]
And her opponent's
no lightweight!
He competed in
the last tournament!
He nearly went all the way
but was defeated by Buu! Wow!
Give it up for the seven-foot-
six powerhouse, Mo Kekko!
[CROWD cheering]
She's so cute! Good luck, Pan!
Don't be too rough on her, Mo!
[chuckles]
[MO KEKKO grunts]
[MO KEKKO]
The champ's grandkid.
Well, at least she's famous.
But still.
It's degrading, having to
fight with a kid. Damn it.
Looks like she doesn't
have a chance,
but she passed
the prelims, right?
How could a four-year-old
qualify, that seems crazy!
Yeah. Well maybe it's rigged.
She does have friends
in high places.
[MR. SATAN] I sure hope
Pan's gonna be all right.
Yaaay! Our little
girl's goin' first!
Pan! Go easy on that guy!
Yeah, Pan! Don't break him!
[drumming]
Fighters! You may begin!
[ringing]
Heh. All right, kid.
I'll make this quick.
--[PAN grunts]
--[MO KEKKO groaning]
[MO KEKKO groaning]
[GOHAN]
All right!
[MO KEKKO groans]
[MO KEKKO groaning]
[ANNOUNCER] I've got
visual confirmation, fans!
Mo Kekko has left the ring,
but he's gonna be okay,
so there's no
disqualification for Pan!
That means she wins!
[CROWD cheering]
[BULLA]
All right, Pan!
[OX KING]
Way to go! That's our girl!
[PAN]
Hey!
[PAN humming]
[MR. SATAN]
Don't worry, I'm here!
[groans]
You sure you're all right?
Yup! It was easy as pie!
--[TRUNKS] Of course she's fine.
--Whoo!
[GOKU giggles]
That didn't take you
too long, did it? Nice!
Thanks!
That means we're next,
little guy!
Best of luck out there.
Yes, thank you.
And thanks for sharing
the ring with me, sir.
[ANNOUNCER] Our second match
has a riveting storyline
of its own!
It's Goku versus Uub!
Goku has fought in the
World Martial Arts Tournament
several times over the years!
He first entered
as a boy himself,
and as a teen he was
strong enough to win it all!
Based on my experience
calling these fights,
I believe he's one of
our top contenders
and could go all the way!
We can expect a rip-roaring
match between Goku
and Mr. Satan's
protégé, Mr. Buu!
But he'll have to prove
he's still in fighting shape
against our other
young contestant!
Uub is a ten-year-old from
a small village on South Island,
and as the oldest of
five kids he spends his time
helping his family get by.
He hopes to win
that prize money for them!
Isn't that inspiring?!
[BULMA]
Oh, that poor little guy.
He came all this way
to help his family,
and he has to face Goku
in the first round?
This may be the only fight
in this tournament that matters.
I'd say so.
[ANNOUNCER] All right,
contestants, are you ready?
Let's begin the match!
[ringing]
[CROWD cheering]
Hey. Don't be so nervous, Uub!
You can't give your all
if you're shaking like that.
Right. Sorry.
Aw, man. He's spooked.
[GOKU] I need him to focus.
Well, if this is what it takes.
Suck it up! Or do they
only make wimps
in your backwoods village?
Huh?
I hope you weren't
dumb enough to fall for
my nice guy routine back there!
That's an act
I put on around family.
The truth is I'm a mean
bastard and proud of it!
And what else? Oh, that's good!
I think you're ugly!
I'm gonna kick your ass
so bad you'll walk home
with a limp! Or, uh, maybe
I'll kill you instead! Yeah!
And throw your bones in a bag,
and hand 'em to your
fat and also ugly mom!
[UUB] My mom is not fat!
You better take that back!
Oh. Fine. You're right,
she's not fat!
She's way worse!
She's a dingleberry!
Yeah!
What's your dad doing?
I wish they would
stop talking and fight.
Yeah.
[GOKU]
Now I'll go for the jugular.
And! Your dad's a bedwetter!
[UUB panting]
[UUB grunting]
[GOKU chuckles]
Nobody badmouths my parents!
They do everything
they can for us!
I'm gonna make you sorry!
[yelling]
[GOKU]
Eeek!
--[UUB yells]
--[GOKU groans]
[panting]
[GOKU chuckles]
Now that's more like it, kid!
[UUB yells]
[GOKU] There's no more
doubt in my mind.
You are the
reincarnation of Buu.
[UUB yelling]
[UUB]
Take this!
--[GOKU chuckles]
--[UUB yelling]
[yells]
[gasps, coughing]
[GOKU] Come on, you can
do better than that.
Hi there!
[UUB grunting]
[UUB] I have to find a way.
I can't lose this match.
I promised my mom and
dad I'd win this tournament,
no matter what! I promised
I'd get that money!
Let's do this, Uub.
If you won't make
a move, then I will.
[yells]
[UUB gasps]
[GOKU] Impressive. Little by
little, he's catching up to me.
[UUB yells]
This is unbelievable.
That child--
He's learning to fight as he
goes, improving with every hit.
--[GOKU yells]
--[UUB grunts]
[ALL gasp]
[KRILLIN gasps]
Is this for real?
That kid is great! Who is he?
He-He's incredible!
How can a boy that young
hold his own against Goku?
You don't think
he could be the fighter
Goku was talking about, do you?
The one he came here to face?
[PICCOLO chuckles]
[CROWD gasps]
This is great! Get him, kid!
Yee-haw!
[yells]
[DENDE]
It's true.
Hm. Seems Goku was right.
That boy is
the reincarnation of Buu.
Yeah. No two ways about it.
[GOKU grunting]
[UUB grunting]
[ANNOUNCER] It appears
to be a perfectly even match,
with both Goku and Uub
refusing to give up any ground!
[yells]
[BOTH yell]
[GOKU grunting]
[UUB grunting]
[UUB yells]
[GOKU groans]
Uub shows off amazing power!
Despite his little boy body,
he's tossing Goku around
like a rag doll!
[UUB grunts]
This is for earlier!
[yells]
--[PAN] Grandpa!
--[MR. SATAN] Wait!
Hang in there, grandpa!
That looked bad.
Is he okay?
Goku!
[UUB grunts]
[ANNOUNCER]
Wow! Fans, is this match over?
Whoa! That kid's awesome!
[LADY 69C screams]
He's so cool!
[CROWD cheering]
[GOKU yelling]
[UUB gasping]
--[neck cracking]
--Well, that one stung!
O-kay! Round two!
[UUB]
Uuh.
[CROWD cheering]
All right.
-[GOKU grunts]
-[UUB groans]
[UUB] I won't give up.
I made a promise.
I told them I'd win.
I don't care what it takes.
I can't quit. I won't.
I won't quit!
[yells]
[yelling]
[UUB groans]
No way!
Whoa! How's he doing that?
[CROWD clamoring]
[UUB]
Huh?
He-He can fly?
Ka... me...
ha... me...
Hey! Easy, Dad!
[UUB yells]
[gasps]
Sorry. I should have guessed
you don't know how to fly--
it does make sense.
You've been on your own.
Nobody's taught you anything--
you've just had to
learn it all on instinct
up to this point, right?
And I'm sorry about that
name-calling I was doing, too.
--It was an act.
--Wha--?
I wanted to see what you
were actually capable of.
If I hadn't
pushed you like that,
you wouldn't have gone all out.
But now, I know.
You're everything I was
hoping you would be, Uub.
You're awesome. I'm impressed.
[GOKU] But you aren't used to
fighting with your full power,
are you? This is the first time
you've had a real
challenge, am I right?
Hmmm. Let me think here.
All right, I've got it.
I'm gonna come live with you
in your village for a while,
and teach you how to use
your power the right way.
If you commit to it,
you'll become
stronger than you can imagine.
Well? Whaddya say?
I do want to be strong! But...
What is it?
[UUB] I can't afford to train.
I had to help my family.
That's the reason I came here.
I have to win the tournament
and give my village that money.
No problem. If money's the
only thing holding you back,
I'll just ask Mr. Satan
to give you some.
I'm sure that
he's got plenty of it,
being the world's
greatest hero and all.
He'd do that?
Of course, if I ask him to!
Besides, it's a
small price to pay
to make sure the world's safe!
Next time there's trouble
we're gonna need you to help!
[gasps]
[GOKU]
Hang on a second.
Aah!
What's up, Dad?
Not much! I'm just gonna
have to go live with this kid
in his village for a while
so I can train him
to use his powers
to protect the earth!
--[GOHAN] What?
--[CHICHI] Wait! Not again!
[BULMA]
Goku!
I'm not sure how many years
his training will take me,
but I'll come home
as soon as it's finished.
Hold down the fort
while I'm gone.
You're leaving? For years?
I don't understand.
Bye.
Dad, wait!
Get back here!
Do you have to?
Seriously?
[PAN]
Grandpa!
Grandpa, you can't
go away! You can't!
Ah, Pan. Hey.
You can't. You're really
leaving? Right now?
I am.
[PAN sobbing]
No, it's not fair!
I'll never get to see you!
You're my grandpa,
and you should be training me!
[GOKU]
Now, now, it isn't that bad.
It's not like
I'll be gone forever.
And I'll come visit you
once in a while, too.
[PAN sobbing]
You swear?
Yeah. It's a promise.
There's no need to cry.
You're a warrior, remember?
Okay.
There. That's better.
You boys have to
keep up your training, too.
Please. Don't forget.
It's like I told Uub,
it's gonna be up to you kids
to protect the earth
in the future.
[BOTH]
Right!
I'll keep on training,
too, Grandpa!
I'll get stronger and stronger
so I can fight for the earth
just like the boys!
Great! That's the spirit!
[GOKU]
Hey, Vegeta.
Sorry I'm taking off so early.
I guess I kind
of dragged you out
to this tournament
for no reason, didn't I?
Doesn't matter,
we couldn't have tested
our real strength, anyway.
We'd destroy this entire stadium
before we got warmed up.
[chuckles]
That's the truth.
See ya, pal.
All right, let's go.
Hop on my back.
Um, okay. Is this good?
Yeah, that'll work!
You live in those southern
islands, am I right?
Yes, sir.
Hold on tight, we're gonna
be moving pretty fast.
Okay!
Yeah! Let's go!
Wait! You can't leave!
You're still fighting!
What about the tournament, Goku?
[GOTEN]
Well, that didn't take long.
[TRUNKS]
Yeah, your dad's nuts.
[GOHAN]
I can't believe this.
[YAMCHA]
He's training that kid?
Does he even know him?
[CHICHI groans]
He just left me!
What's he thinking,
running off like that?!
Honestly! Ugh!
Goku just does whatever
he wants! He always has!
Don't you want him to be happy?
Because I haven't seen him
that happy in years.
I think you're right.
Hm? They leave?
Buu no understand.
Yeah. Join the club, pal.
[VEGETA laughs]
You don't fool me, Kakarot,
it's clear what
your motives are.
You say you're training
this reborn Buu child
because you want to
keep the earth safe.
But we both know
that's not your only reason.
[UUB laughing]
Let's a make a deal, Uub.
Uh, okay.
Once I'm finished training you,
and you've reached
your full potential,
promise me we can
have an all-out match,
and you won't hold
anything back, okay?
Yeah, sure.
In all honesty,
that's the main reason
I wanted to train
you in the first place!
It's really exciting.
Right, Uub?
Meeting somebody who can
give you a good fight?
--Yes, sir!
--I can barely wait!
["Cha-La Head Cha-La" plays]
Okay! Now let's get
even stronger!
Yes, sir!
Lose the "sir," it's too stiff.
We're having fun,
just say "yeah!"
Yeah!
One more time.
Now let's go
and get even stronger!
Yeah!
[GOKU]
Mmm?
[BOTH laughing]
[NARRATOR]
Time and time again,
Goku has pushed
himself to the known limits
of power and beyond,
protecting the earth
and the universe.
Now he sets off again on one
search that will never end.
The pursuit of ultimate
strength. Farewell, Goku!
We'll be looking to the skies,
waiting for your return!
♪ Closing Song ♪